"CaseOrder
 Data Type: Quantitative" "This column is a place holder to ensure the orignal order will be kept." 1
"Customer_id
 Data Type: Qualitative" "This column contains a unique ID for the customer." K409198
"Interaction
 Data Type: Qualitative" "A unique ID which relates to technical interactions,
                        including sign-up, support and transactions." aa90260b-4141-4a24-8e36-b04ce1f4f77b
"UID
 Data Type: Qualitative" "A unique ID which relates to technical interactions,
                        including sign-up, support and transactions." e885b299883d4f9fb18e39c75155d990
"City
 Data Type: Qualitative" "The city included on the billing address of the customer." "Point Baker"
"State
 Data Type: Qualitative" "The state included on the billing address of the customer." AK
"County
 Data Type: Qualitative" "The county included on the billing address of the customer." "Prince of Wales-Hyder"
"Zip
 Data Type: Qualitative" "The zipcode included on the billing address of the customer." 99927
"Lat
 Data Type: Quantitative" "The latitude based on the billing address of the customer." 56.251
"Lng
 Data Type: Quantitative" "The longitude based on the billing address of the customer." -133.37571
"Population
 Data Type: Quantitative" "The population within a one mile radius of the customer, retrieved from census data." 38
"Area
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Categorized area type retrieved from census data. Can be one of the following: rural, urban and suburban." Urban
"TimeZone
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Timezone of the customer based on sign-up info (not billing)." America/Sitka
"Job
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Profession of the customer, based on sign-up info." "Environmental health practitioner"
"Children
 Data Type: Quantitative" "Amount of children the customer has, based on sign-up info." 0
"Age
 Data Type: Quantitative" "Age of the customer, based on sign-up info." 68
"Income
 Data Type: Quantitative" "Annual income of the customer, based on sign-up info." 28561.99
"Marital
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Marital Status of the customer, based on sign-up info." Widowed
"Gender
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Gender of the customer, based on sign-up info." Male
"Churn
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Whether the customer has churned or not. This is the target variable for future model predictions. Answer can be yes or no." No
"Outage_sec_perweek
 Data Type: Quantitative" "The average time in seconds the customer's neighberhood experienced system outages." 7.978322947
"Email
 Data Type: Quantitative" "The amount of emails that were sent to customer in the previous year." 10
"Contacts
 Data Type: Quantitative" "The amount of times the customer reached out to customer support. For new customers, this column reflects the amount of times customers with simillar profiles have reached out to customer support." 0
"Yearly_equip_failure
 Data Type: Quantitative" "How many times did the customer's equipment fail durng the previous year, and it was either replaced or reset. For new customers, this column reflects the amount of times customers with simillar profiles have experienced equipment failures." 1
"Techie
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer consider themselves technically savy. This question was asked on the sign-up questionnaire. Answer can be yes or no." No
"Contract
 Data Type: Qualitative" "How long is the customer's contract for. Can be either monthly, annualy or for two years." "One year"
"Port_modem
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have a portable modem or not. Answer can be yes or no." Yes
"Tablet
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer own a tablet or not. Answer can be yes or no." Yes
"InternetService
 Data Type: Qualitative" "The internet service provider of the customer." "Fiber Optic"
"Phone
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer own a phone or not. Answer can be yes or no." Yes
"Multiple
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have multiple phone lines or not. Answer can be yes or no." No
"OnlineSecurity
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have the online security add-on or not. Answer can be yes or no." Yes
"OnlineBackup
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have the online backup add-on or not. Answer can be yes or no." Yes
"DeviceProtection
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have the device protection add-on or not. Answer can be yes or no." No
"TechSupport
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have the technical support add-on or not. Answer can be yes or no." No
"StreamingTV
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have streaming TV or not. Answer can be yes or no." No
"StreamingMovies
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have streaming movies or not. Answer can be yes or no." Yes
"PaperlessBilling
 Data Type: Qualitative" "Does the customer have paperless billing or not. Answer can be yes or no." Yes
"PaymentMethod
 Data Type: Qualitative" "How does the customer pay for the service. Answer can be: check (mailed, electronic), or automatic (bank trasfer, credit card)." "Credit Card (automatic)"
"Tenure
 Data Type: Quantitative" "The amount of time in months the customer has retained service." 6.795512947
"MonthlyCharge
 Data Type: Quantitative" "How much does the customer pay per month on average. For new customers, this column reflects the average spend value for customers with the same profile." 172.455519
"Bandwidth_GB_Year
 Data Type: Quantitative" "How many GB of data does the customer use per year on average. For new customers who haven't yet concluded a year of service, this column reflects the either the data usage approximated from thier use up to this point, or average data usage for regular customers within the same demographic profile." 904.5361102
"Item1
 Data Type: Qualitative"  5
"Item2
 Data Type: Qualitative"  5
"Item3
 Data Type: Qualitative"  5
"Item4
 Data Type: Qualitative"  3
"Item5
 Data Type: Qualitative"  4
"Item6
 Data Type: Qualitative"  4
"Item7
 Data Type: Qualitative"  3
"Item8
 Data Type: Qualitative"  4
